welcome to a quick introduction of sharp
cloud portal office and some examples of
smart ways to collaborate and connect
people and businesses let's start by
scanning a paper document is a cloud
portal office simply log in with your
personal username and password you can
scan your paper documents to cloud
portal office from any new
multifunctional printer from shell it
doesn't even have to be in your own
office in an instant your document is
saved to cloud portal office and can now
be accessed through a variety of other
hardware for example say your colleagues
in another office are having a meeting
documents can be accessed from the cloud
with an interactive whiteboard the sharp
aquos board the a cross board is
integrated with cloud portal office so
logging on and working with a file from
the cloud is easy files and folders can
now be accessed directly from the cloud
files can easily be opened and worked
with it directly on the Aquos board as
you would on a regular whiteboard it is
easy to save a document back to cloud
portal office making it available to
others it can be saved as a PDF by the
press of a button so what if a guest
brings files to a meeting but doesn't
have access to cloud portal office no
problem you can give them instant access
to a guest folder in cloud portal office
on the a cross-border
once you're done working with the files
you simply save them back to the cloud
again so what if you need to access a
document when you're out of your office
for example say you need to work on a
file when you're traveling it's easy
just use your smartphone or tablet start
the cloud portal office app and you can
access your files and folders instantly
you can open a document from cloud
portal office view and change it at your
fingertips for example add a simple text
comment when you are finished working on
the file simply save it back to cloud
portal office again with a few touches
so you've seen how simple it can be to
scan a document to cloud portal office
from any new sharp multifunctional
printing and office how you can have
effective meetings and instantly work on
documents on an across port directly
from the cloud even including files that
a guest brings to the meeting room on
their laptop and how easy it is to
access and change a document from cloud
portal office by using only your
smartphone or tablet while traveling but
what if you don't have access to any of
your usual hardware what then not to
worry all you need is a public computer
with an internet connection simply use
the internet browser and go to cloud
portal office on the web you log in with
your personal username and password and
you will have instant access to all your
documents in the cloud when working with
cloud portal office through a web
browser you can do a number of things in
addition to just viewing files and
folders for example you can add new
users or groups share documents and
folders with other users see the history
of a file the changes that have been
made and who it was that made them you
can even set notifications if you want
to receive an email every time a file or
folder has been changed in cloud portal
office let us go back for a moment to
the office with the new sharp
multifunctional printer where our
demonstration started the
multifunctional printer becomes the hub
for document management in the office
this is where paper documents are
scanned
- cloud portal office so they can be
accessed from anywhere ready to print
and use this is where our demonstration
ends we hope you enjoyed it and we
welcome you to the world of sharps cloud
portal office where people can
collaborate more efficiently and
business can grow